{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11700\viewh14460\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf0 Issue 3:\
	July / Nancy Pelosi Was Onto Something\'85\
	At my Chinese lesson this week my tutor asked me if I like living in the city (\uc0\u24066 \u20013 \u24515 \u65289 or the suburbs (\u37066 \u21312 \u65289 . I think I said something like, I prefer living in the city because there are young people \u65288 \u24180 \u36629 \u20154 \u65289 , places to eat \u65288 \u21507 \u39151 \u30340 \u22320 \u26041 \u65289 , and places to shop \u65288 \u36023 \u26481 \u35199 \u30340 \u22320 \u26041 \u65289 . I think that the city/suburb distinction has been discoursed to death, but seeing as I am currently living in the \u37066 \u21312 , and have spent my life not living in the \u24066 \u20013 \u24515 , I could be longing for the grass on the other side of the fence {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://youtu.be/4r2tv2zSnh0?feature=shared"}}{\fldrslt https://youtu.be/4r2tv2zSnh0?feature=shared}}. \
	For this July Issue, I\'92ve decided to document my suburban life through the lens(es) of my mom\'92s iphone camera. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	First and foremost MY BIRTHDAYYYY. On July 3rd, while everyone was prepping to roast weenies and launch fireworks, I was celebrating the close of my 21st year of life. I wish there was a fun 22nd birthday tradition like with anniversary gifts https://www.brides.com/gallery/wedding-anniversary-gifts-by-year-for-him-her-and-them. Anyone have any ideas? Maybe like starting a bonsai or like eating 22 crabs.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	The 4th of July we didn\'92t do much. We just went to Wataburger and hung out at home. \
	My aunt and uncle visited for two weeks because my cousin was graduating parachute school in Georgia. Here are some pics from his graduation. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	My mom took pictures of all of our meals for the entire month, here are my favorites. \
	We\'92ve also been eating a ton of Vietnamese food. There are a bunch of viet people down here which is fun. I bought these fruits out of the back of a truck in Vietnamese LOL. \
	My aunt and I went to this second hand book store called 2nd and Charles which was super cool. The store was huge and had many books I was looking for. I spent too much money but I got a good discount for my Birthday. Also the guy restocking the shelves recommended me a 60s sci fi book to read.\
	We\'92ve also been going to a bunch of nurseries. My mom and I have this vision of making an orchid garden with a bunch of staghorn ferns and those orchid pots hanging. Here is a pic of our garden so far. Some of the staghorns got sunburnt because we left them outside in the direct sunlight so they are re-couperating. \
	We got a bunch of orchids on clearance at Lowes and at a fresh market store closing sale. I think they look super cool and its fun to hang out on the porch and look at the plants.\
	Okay my final block is something silly, but on my summer notes app mood board, I had the idea of getting super into hair gel. I\'92ve been wearing it every day for a few weeks now. I wouldn\'92t say it has been life changing, but I just have a vision of me rolling into the Salesforce office with lego man hair. \
	Oh also I found a place in Seattle! On August 15th, I will officially start my \uc0\u24066 \u20013 \u24515  life! \
}