{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17620\viewh15140\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to the second issue of my newsletter! This edition, I will recap the past two weeks which included a sojurn in Pittsburgh PA from June 21-29th. This trip was my last time in the Burgh (or \'91the Pit\'92 if you hate me) for a while and I got to revisit the hold haunts, but also do things that I hadn't done before.\
\
But before I begin, I have to silence the gossip. Everyone is asking me how it is living in Birmingham, and I think that they picture me living on the side of a dirt road being hate crimed every day. I can say that all of the roads I have been on are paved! Just kidding! I haven\'92t been hate crimed (yet) and everyone down here is super nice! Birmingham is a mid-sized city with a thriving suburban area. And this may be my inner future Seahawk coming out, but I think that Birmingham is very similar to Seattle. There are a lot of mid-sized mountains and large hills, there are plenty of trees, and the roads are similarly windy as they contour to the topography. Also literally everything is a small business here which is fun.\
\
Oh also, I\'92ve been really into swipe typing. When it came out in middle school I just could not get behind it, but now\'97maybe the technology is better and my typing skills are better\'97I am swipe typing left and right. It\'92s so easy and slick, and chances are that if you have texted me in the past 3ish weeks I\'92ve swipe typed my response.\
\
Okay final note, I really wanted to embed gifs into this instead of pictures, but they exceeded the attachment limit which shouldn\'92t exist in 2024...how can we be printing circuits on microchips at atomic scale, but I cant send over 20mb over email...Anyways, instead of gifs, I settled for crusty looking cutouts which are both smaller in file size and look marginally more interesting than a still photo. I was inspired by this https://snailspng.tumblr.com/page/6 and this https://www.tumblr.com/allsadnshit/725676746788192256/mildly-sweet-and-soothing-miso-rice-soup-with-lamb?source=share tumblr blog. \
\
The figure above is a photo taken at the Barber Vintage Motorsports Museum https://www.barbermuseum.org/. This was a few days before I went to Pittsburgh and I had to include reference to this trip because it altered something within me. I went in as a skeptic with my cousin who is super into motorcycles, and I left with a deep desire to buy a motorcycle. Like in a cool Akira kind of way. The museum brought me back to my gear head days in 2020 when I fixed up a vintage singer sewing machine\'85its 100% the same thing. I took this photo through a clear pannel in a bridge over the museum\'92s race track where cars were driving around. Trust me that as a gif, it would have panned up and you would have seen more but alack, alack, alack, attachment limits.\
\
Okay, so now to my Pittsburgh trip. I got in on Friday at midnight (Saturday if you are a stickler) And the next day we went to the incline then the Pirates game. I took this photo at the incline\'85\
\
aaand this photo during the perogi run at the Pirates game. I hadn\'92t ridden the incline or gone to a Pirates game in forever, so it was very cool to visit on my last visit to the Burgh in a while. The highlight of the game though was beating Emma and Caroline home by riding with Mrs. Chothani.\
\
That night we drove up to Emma\'92s cabin at 7 springs https://www.7springs.com/, and the next morning we went swimming and ate lunch on the poolside. This cutout is of the rain while we sheltered under a semi enclosed patio. I love swimming! At some point we watched lemonade mouth, and I added shes so gone to my Karaoke playlist. \
\
The next day we went back to Lebo https://mtlebanon.org/, and I showed Caroline around Beverly while Emma was at the doctors. Then we went to Target where I saw this bag and was so struck by the colors that I decided to make my newsletter in the same palette LOLOLOL.\
\
The next day, we hung out downtown again and went to the (only) National aviary and saw all of these cool birds, but more importantly, it turns out that the National Aviary is a hot date spot. Literally Caroline, Emma, and I were the only people not on a date in there. So many love birds on the loose! Gotta lock them up and feed them mice! To my fellow Yinzers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yinz, did you ever go on a date in the National Aviary? \
\
That night we saw Laufey with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. The concert was so magical. I sent these texts to Emma and Caroline who had seats on the ground while I was in the balcony. I was so nostalgic for my days playing in Heinz Hall https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heinz_Hall and felt like if Laufey can have her dreams come true at 25, I can too. We met up with Emma\'92s cello teacher Allie and got milkshakes from the milkshake factory https://www.milkshakefactory.com/locations/pa-pittsburgh-314-fifth-avenue/ afterwards. The milkshakes were so crazy I\'92m pretty sure there were 3 full cupcakes\'97frosting and all\'97blended into my milkshake.\
\
That night I was dropped off at Gabes place. The next morning I went to the Frick https://www.thefrickpittsburgh.org/Exhibition-Vermeer-Monet-Rembrandt-Forging-the-Frick-Collections-in-Pittsburgh-and-New-York. I had been seeing posters all over the city all week advertising a Monet, Vermeer, Rembrandt exhibit at the Frick. AND Gabe\'92s apt is literally a block from the Frick so the timing was perf. But when I got there there was literally only one painting from each artist. Which is like fine, but then the entire exhibit was like framed around what we could glean from Henry Frick and his daughter Helen\'92s based on the art they collected. Which was cool i guess, but at least say that in the title.\
\
Like look at this description. Half of it is about Henry. Idk I\'92m just uneducated about museums and art collecting and im sure im complaining out of ignorance. But I was misled.\
\
That evening I went to Station Square to eat sushi with Sander. I took the bus which was a first and it was cool to go on the busway which was like an entirely separate freeway system. And I got to see Pittsburgh from behind the scenes. V. Fun. The sushi was delish and we got free totes so thats fun. And I saw this cool view of the PPG building in the rain. \
\
The next day I had to go back to Lebo to drop off a ceiling fan remote at the realtors office. On the way back, I wanted to take the T https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pittsburgh_Light_Rail into town but then there was some hijinx, so I had to Uber back into town. Gabe and Anna got off work and then we went to noodlehead https://noodleheadpgh.com/ and to the climbing gym https://www.ascendclimbing.com/locations/point-breeze-pittsburgh. (Fun fact I went to noodlehead earlier in the week with Emma and Caroline and I got the same thing both times). I hadn\'92t been climbing with Gabe in forever, and he was the person who got me into climbing in the first place so that was full circle. But apparently it\'92s a hot take to not use chalk when climbing. Like I\'92ve never been in a situation where I was like OMG so GLAD I used chalk! But Gabe was pissing his overalls that I went chalkless. But idk, if you climb sound off in the comments. Is chalk nesseccary?\
\
The next day I slept through my Vietnamese lesson OOPS and then met up with Sunny for a refreshing bevvie and a hike in Frick park. Afterwards Sunny dropped me off at Emma\'92s house (fun fact, Emma\'92s mom was Sunny\'92s high school history teacher). I promptly went to sleep as I had a 6 am flight which I had to arrive at the airport at 3am for (the 6am Pittsburgh International Airport flight security lines go crazy). My plan was to sleep during the day and wake up for my Uber to the airport and be so refreshed, but instead I just creeped out Emma\'92s dad and was still exhausted during my flight. \
\
When I got to the airport, more hijinx ensued involving a 90 person school trip from Japan and a mistyped birthday on my registration. I wish I finished out the year of Japanese so I could make friends in line ToT. \
\
When I got back home to Birmingham, and inspired by the oils at the Frick and response to my previous newsletter, I started a new painting. It depicts my parents at the end of a delicious Panera meal. It\'92s on an 18x24 canvas which is quite large\'97larger than anything I have ever painted, but I trust in Mark Chamberlain to guide me ToT. The middle to end of meals are always an inspiring subject matter for me and chances are that I have photographed a meal we have had together.\
\
Thank you for making it to the end of my newsletter. Please email me back with responses or if something resonated with you! Or if you have comments and suggestions for the newsletter! If you want to unsubscribe let me know too!\
\
}